hello movie fans and welcome back to
another full movie recap with movie
reveals in today's video we're going to
break down the gory horror movie called
hostile warning guys spoiler alert
in amsterdam american backpackers paxson
and josh and icelander only meet alexei
a russian man who tells them about a
slovak hostel filled with american
loving local women
the backpackers board a train to
slovakia where they meet a dutch
businessman long enough to be unnerved
by his bizarre behavior
upon arriving in the small village the
backpackers check into the local hostel
and find themselves sharing a room with
nate elliott and svetlana two attractive
single women who entice the backpackers
to a spa where the women await nude in a
sauna
they invite the men to a disco that
night and dance and drink with them for
a few hours
josh himself is uneasy about hooking up
with either of them since he recently
gone through a bad breakup he leaves the
club for a few minutes and is suddenly
accosted by a small group of kids who
demand gum and candy
the dutch businessman appears and gives
the kids money and sharply orders them
to leave josh is grateful and offers to
buy him a drink in the club
later natalia and statlana take josh and
paxton back to their room and have sex
with them
the next morning ollie seems to be
missing a young japanese backpacker
named khanna also reports that her
friend yuki has also disappeared an mms
photo sent from uv's phone shows yuki
and only beneath the smokestack of an
abandoned factory with the words
sayonara written beneath it unbeknownst
to josh and paxson holy has been
decapitated and yuki tortured and
presumably killed
a strange hulking man taking the picture
and sending it with ollie's phone
paxton and josh decide to leave
bratislava with connor the following day
they spot a man wearing oldie's jacket
walking nearby and follow him to a
museum of medieval torture relics paxson
later notices that in the mms photo of
oli yuki and the smokestack is faked
later that night while partying with
natalia and stellana paxson and josh
succumb to the effects of alcohol
josh stumbles back to the hostel and is
put in his bed by the female concierge
after a few seconds an unidentified
person enters the room
paxton passes out in the disco storage
room mistaking it for the men's room
hours later josh wakes up handcuffed to
a chair in a dungeon-like room
surrounded by power tools and weapons
the dutch businessman enters in a
leather apron and gloves and begins
torturing josh drilling him in his pecks
just above his nipples and several spots
in his thighs despite josh's screams of
pain and is begging to be let go
after he is done the dutch businessman
sits down and talks to josh explaining
his unfulfilled dreams of being a
surgeon due to his trembling hands
josh begs to be released the businessman
then cuts josh's achilles tendon josh
tries to walk and collapses
his torturer lets him crawl towards the
door before finally grabbing him
dragging him before a scummy mirror and
slashing his throat with a scalpel
across town paxton awakens and returns
to the hostel to find both josh and
connor missing in his room are a
different pair of beautiful women
inviting him to a spa eerily similar to
nabalia's and svetlana's offer from
before
when the local police chief proves
unhelpful paxson locates nadalia and
svetlana at an obscure bar and demands
to be taken to an art show where he
thinks his friends are they drive to a
factory on the outskirts of the town
natalie's demeanor has changed from
friendly to aloof and unsociable she
mocks him a bit for being an american
tourist she leads him inside and down an
eerie corridor aware in a dirty
cell-like room paxton sees the dutch
businessman cutting up josh's dead body
horrified he berates nadalia who laughs
at him telling him they pay her to lure
tourists to the factory
he is ambushed by thugs who drag him
pastels filled with other backpackers
being tortured by various clients
paxton is taken to his own cell and
handcuffed to a chair join minutes later
by a german client who tortures him
first using a garden and claw and then
pointing a gun at him to frighten him
distracted by paxton's ability to plead
for his life in german the client calls
in one of the factory's hulking guards
to put a ball gag in pak's mouth and
tries to kill him with a chainsaw but
before he can begin paxton starts
vomiting either out of fear or because
the gag was choking him
due to his ball gag he starts to choke
on his own vomit and the client quickly
removes the bald gag probably to stop
paxton dying before he could kill him he
then approaches pax again with the
chainsaw but inadvertently saws off
paxton's ring and pinky finger before
slipping on the ball gag which he just
threw on the floor the client drops the
chainsaw on his own leg and severs it
with his fingers severed paxton is able
to slip his hand from the cuff grabs the
client's pistol and shoots the man dead
when the guard comes to check on the
situation paxton having returned to his
original sitting position and appearing
unconscious shoots and kills the guard
he grabs his fingers disguises himself
with a torturer's apron and dons a metal
mask before slipping out into the
corridor he hides in a nearby room to
avoid capture from other guards where he
finds a collection of victims
he hides under a pile of body parts on a
cart before he is taken to a room where
he sees dead bodies being chopped up by
a hulking silent butcher one of the
corpses is joshie's the butcher also
loots the victims for valuables and
piles the body parts into a tray that
toss them into a large cremation oven
paxton kills the butcher with a hammer
and escapes to the surface where he then
peers outside to see police officers
conspiring with the factory men
paxton slips into a locker room and
dresses himself in the clothes of a
client pulling a glove over his
mutilated hand and discovers a business
card for elite hunting now revealed as a
secret worldwide murder-for-profit
organization that charges ascending
rates for slovakians europeans and most
of all for americans who carry a fee of
dollar twenty-five thousand for the
opportunity to torture them a
somewhat-crazed american businessman
arrives and believing paxton to be
another client discusses his intended
victim and asks pax and whether to kill
her quickly or slowly
paxton advises administering a quick
death of the american businessman
disagrees and decides to resort to
torturing her leaving behind a no longer
needed firearm before exiting
paxton steals the pistol and escapes to
the courtyard when he hears a woman
scream
unable to ignore it he returns to the
factory and kills the american now in
the middle of mutilating kanna's face
and preparing to burn her with a
blowdorch
kana's right eye is hanging out of her
injured face paxton cuts it off and they
run outside
paxton and connor steal a car and head
to the railway station spotting alexei
nadalia and svetlana on their way from
the original hostile
pax eventually runs them over killing
svetlana and alexei natalie survives the
initial collision but is run over by pax
and kana's pursuers
pax sees the gang of kids and notices
that he is in the same car that he was
driven into the art show which has a bat
of candy in it the gang then kills the
people chasing paxson hadn't been bribed
with a bag of candy at the railway
station connor notices the disfigured
reflection of her missing eye and her
tortured face and unable to live with
her hideous scars throws herself into
the path of an oncoming train
distracting the guards and allowing
paxton to escape aboard another train
once aboard paxton hears the familiar
voice of josh's torturer of the dutch
businessman
at the train stops in vienna austria
paxton notices that he is being met by
his young daughter in a complete twist
of fate paxson follows the dutchman to a
public toilet and leaves a scalpel frame
fined
the dutchman in shock rushes out to see
if left it
it then dawns on him that his daughter
is missing he shouts for her and is
desperate to find her call the karma or
call it justice while we then see paxton
on a train leaving the station having
kidnapped his daughter the end
if you like this video make sure to
subscribe
see you again soon